upcoming: [DI-24750] - Capability to delete an user alert (#12134)
linode/manager: packages/api-v4/.changeset/pr-12134-upcoming-features-1746018597838.md

---
"@linode/api-v4": Upcoming Features
---

> Add a payload for DeleteUserAlert feature, Added a request to handle deletion. ([#12134](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12134))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudPulse: Add payload `DeleteAlertFeature` and request `deleteAlertDefinition` for handling user alert deletion ([#12134](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12134))
```
